Improve optional chaining example (#20661)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/optional_chaining/index.md

{{JSSidebar("Operators")}}

> The **optional chaining** operator (**`?.`**) accesses an object's property or calls a function. If the objectis {{jsxref("undefined")}} or [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null), it returns {{jsxref("undefined")}} instead of throwing an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **optional chaining** operator (**`?.`**) accesses an object's property or calls a function. If the object is {{jsxref("undefined")}} or [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null), it returns {{jsxref("undefined")}} instead of throwing an error.
```
